Describe the customAxisPosition option (#660)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/20 Data Visualization Widgets/dxChart/1 Configuration/argumentAxis/customPositionAxis.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies a value axis on which the argument axis should be postitioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a value axis on which the argument axis should be positioned. Applies only to a [multi-axis chart](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Chart/Axes/Multi-Axis_Chart/).
```

Specifies a value axis on which the argument axis should be postitioned.

---

> <!-- Description goes here -->

Reviewer: It's unclear what this option accepts.

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#name) of a value axis on which the argument axis should be positioned. Applies only to a [multi-axis chart](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Chart/Axes/Multi-Axis_Chart/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxChart/Configuration/valueAxis/#name) of a value axis on which the argument axis should be positioned. Applies only to [multi-axis charts](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Chart/Axes/Multi-Axis_Chart/).
```
